Processor doc: add description for queued processor (#454)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector: processor/README.md

## <a name="probabilistic_sampler"></a>Probabilistic Sampler Processor
<FILL ME IN - I'M LONELY!>

## <a name="queued"></a>Queued Retry Processor
The queued retry processor uses a bounded queue to relay trace data from the
receiver or previous processor to the next processor.
Received trace data is enqueued immediately if the queue is not full . At the
same time, the processor has one or more workers which consume the trace
data in the queue by sending them to the next processor. On failure of

> consuming the trace data, the processor retries after some backoff delay

Reviewer: Unclear what "consuming" refers to. Maybe say instead: "If relaying the trace data to the next processor or exporter in the pipeline fails ..."

Author: Updated. Thanks.

<FILL ME IN - I'M LONELY!>

## <a name="queued"></a>Queued Processor
The queued processor uses a ring buffer queue to relay trace data from the
receiver or previous processor to the next span processor. On
receiving trace data, the queued processor produces items to the queue. At the
same time, the queued processor has one or more workers which consume the trace

> data in the queue by sending them to the next span processor.

Reviewer 2: maybe add some description about retry logic?

Author: Updated. Thanks for your feedback.

<FILL ME IN - I'M LONELY!>

> ## <a name="queued"></a>Queued Processor

Reviewer 3: Not from your change, but a suggestion here:
```suggestion
## <a name="queued"></a>Queued Retry Processor
```

> The queued processor uses a ring buffer queue to relay trace data from the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The queued retry processor uses a bounded queue to relay trace data from the
```

> receiver or previous processor to the next span processor. On

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
receiver or previous processor to the next processor. On
```

> receiving trace data, the queued processor produces items to the queue. At the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Received trace data is enqueued immediately If the queue is not full . At the
```

> same time, the queued processor has one or more workers which consume the trace

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
same time, the processor has one or more workers which consume the trace
```

> data in the queue by sending them to the next span processor. On failure of

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
data in the queue by sending them to the next processor. On failure of
```
